the all new Batman must investigate a
radioactive toxins in the pages of
Batman 42 this issue primarily dealt
with Jim Gordon still adjusting to life
as Batman he's constantly questioning
himself he goes through battering
training and knees and over his head
against super-powered villains I really
enjoyed seeing this inexperienced Batman
going through the process because in a
way it sort of relates to the average
person having to get access to this
costume having to go fight crime he also
gets a new vehicle this issue which is
called the bat tank and it's basically a
bigger version of the bat loi accept
that as much as like a room for a crew
inside that can basically go around with
them and I think it's the people that
sponsor his new bat armor and stuff like
that is bat costume and the subplot to
this issue introduces the villain that
Gordon will have to face as people
around Gotham begin turning up dead and
having been exposed to a radioactive
seed which appears to be harmless now
some people are granted temporary
abilities and others die immediately
from it my main complaint what this
issue was the dialogue at some spots
that really didn't work and others just
kind of contradicted what took place in
issue 41 and I felt that the ending
cliffhanger was also a bit
anti-climactic and just felt kind of
silly overall like it just kind of
happened out of nowhere and it it I
really just wish they had left it for
like a couple of she's down the line
maybe like three or four she's down just
to introduce it now it's just kind of
like a but however the art here has been
amazing so far I think it's some of
coulombs best work yet given the vast
differences in the overall design of
this book now going forward all in all
this is a decent read but it really
interests me as much as 41 did I give it
about a seven and i recommend you
reading it if you're following the book
because it does give you a bit of
insight into the next villain which is
mr. bloom if you liked this review be
sure to check back on hybrid are quite
ecomm for more news and reviews sound
off with your thoughts on this issue
down below